21.1.5 update (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/wpf-dock-layout-manager-save-and-restore-the-dock-layout-managers-layout: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T326289)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
# WPF Dock Layout Manager - Save and Restore the DockLayoutManager's Layout

[DockLayoutManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager) includes the following methods to save and restore layout settings:

* [SaveLayoutToStream](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager.SaveLayoutToStream(System.IO.Stream))
* [SaveLayoutToXml](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager.SaveLayoutToXml(System.String))
* [RestoreLayoutFromStream](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager.RestoreLayoutFromStream(System.IO.Stream))
* [RestoreLayoutFromXml](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager.RestoreLayoutFromXml(System.String))

> You should specify the names for all [DockLayoutManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager) item. [DockLayoutManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager) uses these names to identify items when you save/restore a layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should specify the names for all [DockLayoutManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager) items. [DockLayoutManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager) uses these names to identify items when you save/restore a layout.
```

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12169834/175369030-9f965ca6-60fe-4f8a-859c-e32c8bbd888d.png" width=700px/>

> Panels may be added/removed after you saved the [DockLayoutManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager)'s layout. In this case, [DockLayoutManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager) removes panels that are not exist in the saved layout and ignores saved settings for these items. Set the following options to change this behavior:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Panels may be added/removed after you save the [DockLayoutManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager)'s layout. In this case, [DockLayoutManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager) removes panels that do not exist in the saved layout and ignores saved settings for these items. Set the following options to change this behavior:
```

> * Set [RestoreLayoutOptions.RemoveOldPanels](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.RestoreLayoutOptions.RemoveOldPanels) to `false` to re-create panels that exists in the saved layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set [RestoreLayoutOptions.RemoveOldPanels](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.RestoreLayoutOptions.RemoveOldPanels) to `false` to recreate panels that exist in the saved layout.
```

> * Set [RestoreLayoutOptions.AddNewPanels](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.RestoreLayoutOptions.AddNewPanels) to `true` to maintain panels that are not exist in the saved layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set [RestoreLayoutOptions.AddNewPanels](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.RestoreLayoutOptions.AddNewPanels) to `true` to maintain panels that do not exist in the saved layout.
```
